Hahahahaha I'm dying of laughter
How many taels are you?
How could I not know?
You two liars still want to turn the sky upside down
Lao Tzu is the vice president of the Commercial Savings Bank
I'll see who has the ability to let me lose it today
Xu Qianbei, President of China Commercial Reserve Bank
Are you really Xu Qianmei?
Think about it now.
Principal Xu
Just now I will never Shi Tai Shan
You spared me this time
I will compensate you, not the president.
What President Xu
Let me see
Maybe it's this poor boy
Where am I from?
We brought in an extra to support us.
You shut up
I think you are a fool
He's a newcomer to a famous bank
Xu Qianwei
President, my mom is a little confused
You don't bother with him
If you dare to disturb me again in the future
I'll fire you right away
Can't afford to offend the president anymore
But who do you have to give the money to if you marry your husband?
Hey, okay, okay.
We're leaving now, sorry, money, money, money
Mom, what's the matter with you?
Mom, you said
Dad, don't scare me, mom, don't scare me